Versioning and stability guarantees (#1880)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/misc/versioning-and-stability-guarantees.md

Breaking changes imply that the consumer of k6 is expected to make some effort to adapt to the changes being made.

Although it is possible that, in certain cases, the new major version containing breaking changes might be compatible with the previous version, this is not expected.

## Release strategy

A k6 release is a set of changes that updates or adds new functionalities to the product, made globally available under a unique and new identifiable version.

k6 follows and aligns with the [Grafana Labs stages](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle). Not all changes follow a strict and sequential path through all the various steps. Most of the changes directly pass from Experimental to General Available.

### Preview

A preview release includes changes that should be considered unstable or under development but are ready for users to start testing changes or to prepare their migrations.

As soon as the development team starts to work on a new set of changes or breaking changes, opening the need for a new version, a next version should be available under a dedicated versioning format suffixing the `-next` text.

> For example, if v1.3.5 is the latest major release, all the newly introduced breaking changes will be available under the `v2.0.0-next` version.
> Instead, all the backward-compatible changes will be available under `v1.4.0-next` or `v1.3.6-next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if v1.3.5 is the latest major release:

- All the newly introduced breaking changes would be available under the `v2.0.0-next` version.
- All the backward-compatible changes would be available under `v1.4.0-next` or `v1.3.6-next`.
```

### Frequency

#### Major versions

We aim to release a new major version once a year, in alignment with the practice observed in the Grafana ecosystem. This affords us to maintain a regular rhythm, offering opportunities for better feature planning, communication and visibility around releases, and regular cleanup of deprecated functionalities, helping reduce technical debt over time.

#### Minor versions

Minor versions are expected to be released every six weeks as a part of a regular process.

#### Patch versions

> A new Patch version is released only if needed and is priority-based. Otherwise, fixes and changes that don’t introduce a new API or change the existing one will be released with the next minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new patch version is released only if needed and is priority-based. Otherwise, fixes and changes that don’t introduce a new API or change the existing one will be released with the next minor version.
```

The priority includes different factors: risks, opportunities, timing, and many others.

## What is our stable and supported API surface?

In defining the stable API surface for k6, we aim to provide clear and stable interfaces guaranteed to be maintained and supported according to our [versioning strategy](#versioning-strategy). Our stable and supported API surface includes several key components, each critical for our users and their integration workflows.

> Any change to one of the APIs described below will be considered breaking. Note that the following list has to be intended as an allowlist and any APIs, libraries, or components not explicitly mentioned have to be considered excluded. For example, k6 REST API is an example of an accessible API not covered by the supported API surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any change to one of the APIs described below will be considered breaking. Note that the following list is intended as an allowlist, and any APIs, libraries, or components not explicitly mentioned are considered excluded. For example, the k6 REST API is an example of an accessible API not covered by the supported API surface.
```

### Options & Command-line interface

> Our stable and supported API surface includes the k6 options set (as exposed to users via the various configuration mediums k6 supports, options object, config file, environment variables, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our stable and supported API surface includes the k6 options set, as exposed to users via the various configuration methods k6 supports: the options object, config file, environment variables, etc.
```

The k6 command-line interface (CLI), including commands, subcommands, and flags, is also part of the stable and supported API. These commands are essential for initiating and managing test executions locally and in the cloud.

> ### JavaScript interpreter

Reviewer 2: I'm tempted to not include it. My reasoning being that while we own Sobek, and maintain it, Typescript support is offered thanks to esbuild which is a completely external tool we have no interactions with, nor any influence whatsoever.

I'm happy to be convinced to be convinced otherwise though 🙇🏻

With k6 scripts written in JavaScript and the environment in which they are executed supporting a specific set of JavaScript syntax and ECMAScript features, the k6 JavaScript interpreter is considered part of the k6 stable and supported API surface.

> This ensures that users can write and execute scripts with predictable behavior and compatibility over the lifespan of their major version of k6.
> ### Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that users can write and execute scripts with predictable behavior and compatibility over the lifespan of their major version of k6.

### Modules
```

> Furthermore, the *“core”* modules exposed directly to a script by k6 *(e.g.,* `k6`, `k6/http`, `k6/execution`) are another critical aspect of the k6 experience and of the interface between k6 and its users and is as such part of the stable and supported API surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *“core”* modules exposed directly to a script by k6, for example, `k6`, `k6/http`, `k6/execution`, are another critical aspect of the k6 experience and of the interface between k6 and its users. As such, they're part of the stable and supported API surface.
```

It includes any class, properties, methods, function, or relative signature that is part of the module and is publicly exposed and documented.

> Here, the full list of the `core` modules: `k6`, `k6/browser`, `k6/crypto`, `k6/crypto/x509`, `k6/data`, `k6/encoding`, `k6/execution`,  `k6/http`, `k6/metrics`, `k6/net/grpc`, `k6/timers`, `k6/ws`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full list of the `core` modules: `k6`, `k6/browser`, `k6/crypto`, `k6/crypto/x509`, `k6/data`, `k6/encoding`, `k6/execution`,  `k6/http`, `k6/metrics`, `k6/net/grpc`, `k6/timers`, `k6/ws`.
```

> Experimental modules recognizable from their `k6/experimental` prefixed import path are explicitly excluded from the stable and supported API surface.
> ### Extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental modules, recognizable from their `k6/experimental` prefixed import path, are explicitly excluded from the stable and supported API surface.

### Extensions
```

Our stable and supported API surface also includes the extensions API, which empowers internal and external developers to build custom modules and outputs as part of the k6 codebase or as external extensions.

This includes the [go.k6.io/k6/js/modules](https://pkg.go.dev/go.k6.io/k6@v0.57.0/js/modules) Go package that internal and external developers have available to build module extensions, as well as the [go.k6.io/k6/output](https://pkg.go.dev/go.k6.io/k6@v0.57.0/output) that can be used to build custom outputs for k6.

> It also includes public k6 Go packages that are exposed to developers to facilitate the development of these extensions (e.g., the current  [go.k6.io/k6/lib.State](https://pkg.go.dev/go.k6.io/k6@v0.57.0/lib#State) package).

Reviewer 2: Not specific to this sentence, but as I gave the document a read I wondered if we should maybe state at the beggining something along the lines of "anything that is not explicitly covered by this document is not considered stable or supported". Which, I think was pretty much the general approach we had as we wrote it. What do you think?

For this specific case though, now that we have moved internal code in the `internal` package, would it be good enough to say that "anything that's not in the internal package" is considered public, stable, covered by this policy, and can be used by extensions in respect to k6's versioning scheme"?

> It also includes public k6 Go packages that are exposed to developers to facilitate the development of these extensions (e.g., the current  [go.k6.io/k6/lib.State](https://pkg.go.dev/go.k6.io/k6@v0.57.0/lib#State) package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also includes public k6 Go packages that are exposed to developers to facilitate the development of these extensions. For example, the current  [go.k6.io/k6/lib.State](https://pkg.go.dev/go.k6.io/k6@v0.57.0/lib#State) package.
```

> ### Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Output
```

> We guarantee the stability and support of metrics, logs, traces, and profiling outputs that we fully control in an end-to-end flow. This includes the JSON, CSV, JSON summary exports, cloud metrics, logs and traces outputs, and OpenTelemetry formats while excluding outputs dependent on third-party platforms and protocols.

Reviewer 3: If I recall correctly, the new JSON format for the summary output will not be introduced in `v1.0.0`. Therefore, according to this, it won't be introduced until at least `v2.0.0` or we simply consider [the existing `JSON` format ](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/end-of-test/#summary-export-to-a-json-file)deprecated and therefore changing it is no a "breaking"

Author: Yeah, good catch. This was added mostly because in our intentions but we haven't accomplished it. I am dropping it.

@joanlopez @oleiade do we introduce any guarantee for the new End-of-Test summary? I guess we should.

Reviewer 2: @codebien we have had a couple discussions about this in the past. My stance is the end-of-test summary (both human readable and machine readable) is explicitly excluded from our stability policies and guarantees in v1.0.0. I expect v1.0.0 to explicitly mark the existing json end of test summary as deprecated.

As we go through the development cycle towards v2.0.0, we may ship a new, supported this time, machine readable end of test summary. At this point, then and only then, do I suggest we add the machine readable summary to this document, with the option to extend it to the new summary/report code and any potential summary extension API we might come up with, at that point in time.

Any strong objections?

> ### Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Metrics
```

> We guarantee the stability of metric names, types, and units. Any changes to these are considered breaking and will be handled according to our [versioning strategy](#versioning-strategy). Doing so ensures that any product or artifact (dashboards, etc.) built on top of k6 can maintain a reliable and consistent experience.
> ## Deprecation, breaking changes, and migration policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We guarantee the stability of metric names, types, and units. Any changes to these are considered breaking and will be handled according to our [versioning strategy](#versioning-strategy). Doing so ensures that any product or artifact built on top of k6, such as dashboards, can maintain a reliable and consistent experience.

## Deprecation, breaking changes, and migration policy
```

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking changes
```

> In a constantly evolving product, [breaking changes](#breaking-change) are sometimes unavoidable. They require that k6 users have to actively react to them because the state after it is not backward compatible with the state before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a constantly evolving product, [breaking changes](#breaking-change) are sometimes unavoidable. They require that k6 users actively react to them because the state after the changes is not backward compatible with the previous state.
```

> Because we follow the [semver 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) versioning scheme, we work under the assumption breaking changes will always lead to a new major version. When the k6 team decides to introduce a breaking change, it will automatically define the need for a new major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we follow the [SemVer 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) versioning scheme, we work under the assumption breaking changes will always lead to a new major version. When the k6 team decides to introduce a breaking change, it will automatically define the need for a new major version.
```

When k6 releases a new major version, we are expected to be explicit, clearly communicate the breaking changes, and provide instructions for migrating users.

There are two types of breaking changes:

1. Removal
2. Update

#### Steps to remove an API or a feature

1. Deprecate a current API or a feature by following the dedicated policy.
2. If necessary, add an alternative solution. Ideally, this would be an experimental version within a minor release within the current maintained state. Alternatively, it might be available in a Preview release.
3. Provide documentation for the migration path.
4. Proceed with removing the API and releasing a new major version.

#### Steps to update an API or a feature

> 1. Apply the changes, then publish them in the next major version. If the change is heavy, it might be convenient to make it available in a Preview release that can support the migration path until a version is globally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply the changes, then publish them in the next major version. If the change is significant, it might be convenient to make it available in a Preview release that can support the migration path until a version is globally available.
```

2. Provide documentation for the migration path.

### Deprecation

When the k6 team intends to remove an API or a feature, it will be marked as *deprecated*. This occurs when an API becomes obsolete, superseded by another API, or otherwise discontinued for business or technological reasons.
Deprecated APIs remain available through their deprecated phase, which guarantees they will remain available at least throughout the entire life cycle of the current major version.

A deprecation has several layers of communication necessary to be implemented and respected before it can be officially applied:

> 1. Release notes and changelogs
> 2. Official documentation
> 3. When the user directly interacts with the feature
> 4. An alternative already available is recommended, but it shouldn’t be considered mandatory.
> ### Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Release notes and CHANGELOGs.
2. Official documentation.
3. When the user directly interacts with the feature.
4. An alternative already available is recommended, but it shouldn’t be considered mandatory.

### Migration
```

When a breaking change is introduced, or an API is superseded, then documentation for a migration guide must be provided to users to help them understand how to move from version to version.

> The migration path must be available in the official documentation, and it is recommended to be mentioned in all other communication channels.
> ## Support and development policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration path must be available in the official documentation, and it is recommended to be mentioned in all other communication channels.

## Support and development policies
```

We define k6 support and development policies according to four states where a k6 version can be implemented.

### The states of k6 releases

> At any given time, there is a:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At any given time, we have:
```

> * **The under-development** version is the next upcoming version, k6. Note that this version might either start a new major version (*e.g. developing v3.0.0, while the latest release is v2.8.2),* or it might be a new minor or patch iteration over the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **The under-development** version is the next upcoming version of k6. Note that this version might either start a new major version, for example, developing v3.0.0 while the latest release is v2.8.2, or it might be a new minor or patch iteration over the latest release.
```

* **The actively maintained** version is the latest released major version of k6.
* **The supported** version is the latest released version of k6 within the previous major version.
* **The deprecated** versions are the set of previously released k6 versions.

> As such, during its development and support workflow, the k6 open-source project actively develops the next version of k6, maintains the latest major release, supports the previous major version, and does not provide any support for releases older than the supported one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, during its development and support workflow, the k6 open source project actively develops the next version of k6, maintains the latest major release, supports the previous major version, and doesn't provide any support for releases older than the supported one.
```

Any past version of k6 that’s neither being developed, maintained, or supported is considered **deprecated** and will not support further updates or development. Users are free to use them at their own risk.

### Guidelines

> 1. **We do not backport features** from one major version to any previous ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. _We don't backport features_ from one major version to any previous ones.
```

We use italic for emphasis based on our writing style guide. 🤓

> 2. We only provide changes on the latest release of each support category: **at any point in time, there are single officially under-development and actively maintained versions.** We do not support multiple versions of each support path. *For example, suppose a bug is found in v1.1.0, and the latest v1.Y.Z published release is v1.3.2*. *In that case, if and only if the latest release is affected, and the bug or security issue is deemed important enough, only then does the development team define as a priority* *to publish a fix that will be released in v1.3.3. Users cannot expect a v1.1.1 fix release.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We only provide changes on the latest release of each support category: _at any point in time, there are single officially under-development and actively maintained versions_. We do not support multiple versions of each support path. For example, suppose a bug is found in v1.1.0, and the latest v1.Y.Z published release is v1.3.2. In that case, if and only if the latest release is affected, and the bug or security issue is deemed important enough, only then does the development team define as a priority to publish a fix that will be released in v1.3.3. Users cannot expect a v1.1.1 fix release.
```

> 3. Our products, services, and teams building upon k6 are expected to develop their versioning integration built on our support policies.
> #### Bugs & Security issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Our products, services, and teams building upon k6 are expected to develop their versioning integration built on our support policies.

#### Bugs & Security issues
```

Bugs and security issues come in all shapes and sizes and vary widely in impact. Some are critical, compromising user safety or impacting software functionality, while others are minor annoyances that do not require immediate action.

> The k6 open-source core team, with input from affected stakeholders, is responsible for assessing the severity of these issues.
> ##### Bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The k6 open-source core team, with input from affected stakeholders, is responsible for assessing the severity of these issues.

##### Bugs
```

We classify bug severity based on their impact on users or product functionality. High-severity bugs prevent a subset of users from using the software properly or at all. Depending on the severity, the team will either release an immediate patch or, for less critical bugs, delay the fix to the next scheduled release.

##### Security

Security issues are classified using the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) score when available. In its absence, we evaluate the threat in collaboration with the security team and affected teams. This assessment considers the potential threat to customers, users, system health, and data integrity. Like bug fixes, the response will be either an immediate patch release for high-severity issues or a delayed fix for lower-severity issues.

Following the practice of the Grafana project, *security-related releases follow the same process but* ***MUST*** *be prepared in secret. They* ***MUST NOT*** *include changes that are not related to the security fix.*

> ### Guarantees

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Guarantees
```

#### Under development

At any point in the k6 development lifecycle, the next version of k6 is being developed.

> The next version of k6 can be a [major](#major-version), [minor](#minor-version), [patch](#patch-version) one. This developed version is then released according to our [versioning strategy and scheme](#versioning-strategy) and becomes the latest maintained version of k6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next version of k6 can be a [major](#major-version), [minor](#minor-version), or [patch](#patch-version) one. This developed version is then released according to our [versioning strategy and scheme](#versioning-strategy) and becomes the latest maintained version of k6.
```

#### Actively maintained

The latest version, released under the currently active [major version](#major-version), is maintained.

In the event of a bug, security issue, or necessary dependency update:
* **If** **the under-development version is expected to remain within the same [major version](#major-version) scope**, the fix or update is expected to land in said version, which will become, in turn, the next maintained version once released.
* **If the under-development version is expected to switch to a new [major version](#major-version) scope**, the fix or update will be included in the currently maintained major version scope and released as the latest maintained version (patch).

> #### Supported k6 version

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Supported k6 version
```

#### Deprecated k6 versions

A major version of k6, which is two major versions away from the past (*e.g.,* v1.0.0, when the latest version is v3.0.0), is considered **deprecated** and won’t receive any form of support whatsoever anymore.
The same applies to a minor version.

### Real-world scenarios

#### A major (bug or security) issue is found with the latest release of k6

The latest release of k6 is **actively** **maintained**. Within this version’s major scope is a single maintained version, the latest one.

Thus, when a security issue or bug affects the actively maintained version, the k6 team puts together a fix and publishes a new [patch version](#patch-version) of the currently maintained version. Although the under-development version should integrate those changes, we still reserve the right to release a new intermediary release.

If the issue or bug also affects the supported version of k6, we apply the fix to it and publish a [patch version](#patch-version) of the currently supported version of k6.

If the issue also affects a deprecated version of k6, we take no action and invite users to upgrade to at least the latest *supported version* of k6.

> #### An issue is found in the supported version of k6

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### An issue is found in the supported version of k6
```

When a security issue or bug is found in the currently **supported** version of k6, the k6 team creates a fix in the support version’s branch. It publishes a new [patch version](#patch-version) of the supported version, which becomes the new supported version of k6.

If the issue also affects the k6 version, which is currently the [major version](#major-version), a separate fix should be released and released as a [patch version](#patch-version) within the maintained version’s major scope.

If the issue also affects deprecated versions of k6, we take no action and invite users to upgrade to at least the latest *supported version* of k6.

> #### An issue is found in a deprecated version of k6
> 
> An issue (security or bug) is spotted in a **deprecated** version. We only recommend that users upgrade their version of k6.
> ### Experimental

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### An issue is found in a deprecated version of k6

An issue (security or bug) is spotted in a **deprecated** version. We only recommend that users upgrade their version of k6.

### Experimental
```

For example, a JavaScript module should be recognizable as an experimental module by its import path, which includes the `k6/experimental/` prefix. Advertising the experimental state via the official documentation is also highly encouraged. However, using it as a unique level shouldn’t be considered sufficient communication.
However, the development team is responsible to decide which is the reasonable level to apply based on the specific case.

When an experimental API, feature, or module becomes stable, it will lead to a new minor version of k6 in most cases. The experimental module import path becomes deprecated and will be removed in a couple of minor releases with the future notice.

## Versioning policy

We reserve ourselves the right to modify the versioning strategy and policies as part of a major release, under the constraints that:

* We maintain a changelog of the modifications we do in the document itself.
* The document remains public and accessible to users.
* We communicate changes in the context of new releases.

> For example, let’s assume we decide to introduce a new supported API surface, like the REST API v2, we would amend this document accordingly, publish and enforce the change to the affected workflows as part of the next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let’s assume we decide to introduce a new supported API surface, like the REST API v2. We would amend this document accordingly and publish and enforce the change to the affected workflows as part of the next major release.
```

---
title: Versioning and stability guarantees

> description: Definitions and gurantees for k6 v1.0.0 and beyond.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
description: Definitions and guarantees for k6 v1.0.0 and beyond.
```

### Metrics

We guarantee the stability of metric names, types, and units. Any changes to these are considered breaking and will be handled according to our [versioning strategy](#versioning-strategy). Doing so ensures that any product or artifact built on top of k6, such as dashboards, can maintain a reliable and consistent experience.

## Deprecation, breaking changes, and migration policy

### Breaking changes

In a constantly evolving product, [breaking changes](#breaking-change) are sometimes unavoidable. They require that k6 users actively react to them because the state after the changes is not backward compatible with the previous state.

Because we follow the [SemVer 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) versioning scheme, we work under the assumption breaking changes will always lead to a new major version. When the k6 team decides to introduce a breaking change, it will automatically define the need for a new major version.

When k6 releases a new major version, we are expected to be explicit, clearly communicate the breaking changes, and provide instructions for migrating users.

There are two types of breaking changes:

> 1. Removal
> 2. Update

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Removal
* Update
```

#### Steps to remove an API or a feature

> 1. Deprecate a current API or a feature by following the dedicated policy.
> 2. If necessary, add an alternative solution. Ideally, this would be an experimental version within a minor release within the current maintained state. Alternatively, it might be available in a Preview release.
> 3. Provide documentation for the migration path.
> 4. Proceed with removing the API and releasing a new major version.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Deprecate a current API or a feature by following the dedicated policy.
1. If necessary, add an alternative solution. Ideally, this would be an experimental version within a minor release within the current maintained state. Alternatively, it might be available in a Preview release.
1. Provide documentation for the migration path.
1. Proceed with removing the API and releasing a new major version.
```

Reviewer 5: I'm not sure if this is intentional, but the way this document is worded makes it sound like we're expecting users to do these things, not that they're a promise from us _to the users_. 

This can be remedied with language like simply adding something like (for this section), " When we remove an API or feature, we will:"

#### Steps to update an API or a feature

> 1. Apply the changes, then publish them in the next major version. If the change is significant, it might be convenient to make it available in a Preview release that can support the migration path until a version is globally available.
> 2. Provide documentation for the migration path.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Apply the changes, then publish them in the next major version. If the change is significant, it might be convenient to make it available in a Preview release that can support the migration path until a version is globally available.
1. Provide documentation for the migration path.
```

### Deprecation

When the k6 team intends to remove an API or a feature, it will be marked as *deprecated*. This occurs when an API becomes obsolete, superseded by another API, or otherwise discontinued for business or technological reasons.
Deprecated APIs remain available through their deprecated phase, which guarantees they will remain available at least throughout the entire life cycle of the current major version.

A deprecation has several layers of communication necessary to be implemented and respected before it can be officially applied:

> 1. Release notes and CHANGELOGs.
> 2. Official documentation.
> 3. When the user directly interacts with the feature.
> 4. An alternative already available is recommended, but it shouldn’t be considered mandatory.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Release notes and CHANGELOGs.
1. Official documentation.
1. When the user directly interacts with the feature.
1. An alternative already available is recommended, but it shouldn’t be considered mandatory.
```

### Migration

> When a breaking change is introduced, or an API is superseded, then documentation for a migration guide must be provided to users to help them understand how to move from version to version.

Reviewer 5: another example of strange internal type language... I'd replace words like "must" with words like "will" or "are"

### The states of k6 releases

At any given time, we have:

* **The under-development** version is the next upcoming version of k6. Note that this version might either start a new major version, for example, developing v3.0.0 while the latest release is v2.8.2, or it might be a new minor or patch iteration over the latest release.
* **The actively maintained** version is the latest released major version of k6.
* **The supported** version is the latest released version of k6 within the previous major version.
* **The deprecated** versions are the set of previously released k6 versions.

As such, during its development and support workflow, the k6 open source project actively develops the next version of k6, maintains the latest major release, supports the previous major version, and doesn't provide any support for releases older than the supported one.

Any past version of k6 that’s neither being developed, maintained, or supported is considered **deprecated** and will not support further updates or development. Users are free to use them at their own risk.

### Guidelines

> 1. _We don't backport features_ from one major version to any previous ones.
> 2. We only provide changes on the latest release of each support category: _at any point in time, there are single officially under-development and actively maintained versions_. We do not support multiple versions of each support path. For example, suppose a bug is found in v1.1.0, and the latest v1.Y.Z published release is v1.3.2. In that case, if and only if the latest release is affected, and the bug or security issue is deemed important enough, only then does the development team define as a priority to publish a fix that will be released in v1.3.3. Users cannot expect a v1.1.1 fix release.
> 3. Our products, services, and teams building upon k6 are expected to develop their versioning integration built on our support policies.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. _We don't backport features_ from one major version to any previous ones.
1. We only provide changes on the latest release of each support category: _at any point in time, there are single officially under-development and actively maintained versions_. We do not support multiple versions of each support path. For example, suppose a bug is found in v1.1.0, and the latest v1.Y.Z published release is v1.3.2. In that case, if and only if the latest release is affected, and the bug or security issue is deemed important enough, only then does the development team define as a priority to publish a fix that will be released in v1.3.3. Users cannot expect a v1.1.1 fix release.
1. Our products, services, and teams building upon k6 are expected to develop their versioning integration built on our support policies.
```
